Add warning about overwriting a default Terraform version (#1414)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/admin/resources.html.md

To add a new version of Terraform, click **Terraform Versions** in the left menu and **Add Terraform Version** in the upper right, then provide the version number, Linux 64-bit download URL, and SHA256 checksum of the binary. Set the status to Beta to make the version available to site administrators, or Enabled to add it for everyone.

> ~> **Important:** The versions of Terraform that are shipped with Terraform Enterprise releases are fixed and regularly checked to validate that they have not been altered. To ensure that the download URL and checksum are not overwritten when using an alternative to a default Terraform version, add a new version with a different name.  

Reviewer: Some wording changes. @nfagerlund can probably make this even better.

```suggestion
~> **Important:** Terraform Enterprise ships with a default list of Terraform versions. Any modifications to these default Terraform versions will be overwritten. As such, it is recommended to create new Terraform versions instead of modifying the default Terraform versions.
```

> ![screenshot: the Add Terraform Version page](./images/admin-version-add.png)

Reviewer: Since you're in here, would you mind updating both this screenshot and the other `./images/admin-versions.png` in this section? They show an older user interface.

Author: Updated!
